feat: add support of Global Write Forwarding in secondary region (#1842)
aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper: docs/using-the-jdbc-driver/using-plugins/UsingTheGdbReadWriteSplittingPlugin.md

| `gdbRwRestrictReaderToHomeRegion` | Boolean |                                                                     No                                                                      | If set to `true`, prevents connecting to a reader node outside the defined home region. If no reader nodes in the home region are available, an exception will be raised.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | `true`                                                                                                                           |

> | `gdbEnableGlobalWriteForwarding`  | Boolean |                                                                     No                                                                      | If set to `true`, allows a reader in the home region to handle writes with Global Write Forwarding. Global Write Forwarding should be turned on on the home region.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `false`                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `gdbEnableGlobalWriteForwarding`  | Boolean |                                                                     No                                                                      | If set to `true`, allows connections in the secondary region to forward write queries to the primary global region. This is useful if your home region is the secondary global region. This functionality requires [Global Write Forwarding](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/aurora-global-database-write-forwarding.html) to be enabled.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `false`                                                                                                                          |
```
